hey guys it's me i'm going to be doing a
little review for the past 37 I got this
morn about three months ago and so I
decided to give you a little review on
it after this view I'm gonna give you a
little writing of it like I'm gonna ride
it around hi like I did for my derringer
and then I will do it um a trick session
so i have my buddy helping me with that
so here you go i have on this path I've
got the seismic hotspots and blue and
I've got that is NSA trucks there are
pretty big 850 know me too i'm pretty
sure yeah and um and so you've got this
sport is 37 inches in length and i'm
pretty sure it's 8.5 inches with I don't
know okay I on this board instead of
getting the black all around I've just
got the white in the black I decided
just get that instead of my dad like
kind of like my derringer the bottom of
the graphics is really nice it has all
these will click it's like paragraph or
cursive writing here I don't really know
what it likes this I like me the line it
says like hold tight to those memories
you come like comment combines I don't
even know like but ah so yeah the
graphics nice it says original right
here and yeah you can just see the
graphic ok on now to ride it for
beginners it's amazing like outstanding
virtual makes amazing boards like this
one friends for example alright this is
for surfing in flatland it's in the
category um so what you can do is you
cannot actually you can get pretty sure
you can get this in black if you don't
like this board like this
you can customize the trucks customize
the wheels and do anything like that ah
so yeah I'm sorry um so now top riding
for beginners like I said before is
outstanding it's great um you just have
to be careful because if you're not if
you're not used to riding these type of
boards you can easily fall like when I
first started writing I started falling
with my derringer because I didn't if
you like know how to ride it until like
like 10 minutes 15 years of practicing
so but it's an actually a great board
it's a great car over good cruiser um
you can get it that six trucks will work
on it I know some people who have the
Essex trucks and it's still find it just
gives you sharper turns on the essay
trucks give you more stability though
meaning you can go faster bomb hills and
as tenis I wouldn't recommend us tens
for this um I just I'm saying that
because the I think the essays are
perfect size and the end I think the s
times would be to bait this board I
don't know it's really up to you so ah
yeah that's basically my review uh
sometimes also you're going to want to
uh sometimes you're going to want to
maybe loosen the trucks or tighten the
trucks because sometimes they come
tightened or loosened and you are
sometimes clean the trucks that's
actually a good thing to do and clean
their bearings um so unless I got the
selfless I don't know if they're in
stock for any board now but I I got the
sauce with so the wheel goes for a while
actually and so sometimes you're gonna
have to clean your bearings clean the
inside of your trucks stuff like that
but that doesn't really matter um I've
already done it it's like once or twice
to this board and sometimes there's
things caught in them or stuff like that
so yeah that's just my review please
rate comment and subscribe to my videos
okay thanks